Look, everyone.
This is the archeology excavation site.
They are doing the cleaning now.
What's wrong?
Why the long faces?
There's a disturbance outside the school.
Did it disturb your minds too?
You are too easily distracted by the external environment.
Peace of mind
is a basic quality
for a cultural relics restoration worker.
Sir,
what about the smashed assignments?
Don't worry about that.
Your assignments,
I have already evaluated and graded them.
And I even took photos of them.
Even though Xu Xiao and Yan Xue,
the porcelain for
their two groups' assignments was destroyed,
it doesn't matter.
Your grades are recorded,
and there are photos.
You can freely check them
after class.
Students.
Whether it is history
or a small fragment of life,
it always leaves a trace behind.
No matter how much dirt covers it,
there will eventually be a day
when it shines again
and sees the light of day.
All right,
let's continue our class.
Now,
everyone look at this photo.
These are the characteristics of Ming Chenghua ceramics.
Mr. Yue.
What's wrong, Xiaocen?
If
there are no porcelain fragments
for us to complete the restoration work,
I want to ask
if there's any other way
to prove Xu Xiao's innocence.
At that time,
not a single porcelain fragment from the scene
was left.
I even double-checked.
There wasn't a single piece.
This is really a bit difficult.
By the way.
Are there any photos or something?
They can be used as evidence
for the shape
or patterns of that cup.
Yes.
The antique shop has surveillance cameras.
Thank you, Mr. Yue.
Goodbye, Mr. Yue.
Sir.
Xiaocen.
Sir,
could you pull up the security footage from that day?
It's about Xu Xiao, right?
Yes.
I heard about the live stream.
I knew you'd come for the footage,
so I got it ready for you.
It's on my phone.
Those people went too far.
They can investigate the bowl if they want,
but why drag Xu Xiao's father into this?
That's an entirely different generation's business.
Sir, you know about Xu Xiao's father?
You are not from around here, so you don't know.
It was a big deal back then.
Xu Xiao
made such a huge mistake.
Why did the school cover up for him?
I looked it up.
It turns out
his teacher, Yue Qixin,
and his father,
Xu Jinsong,
the two of them
were apprentices of the same master.
Xu Jinsong was caught selling fakes back then.
He couldn't take the shock
and lost his mind.
Later, on that ceramics street,
he'd argue with people every day with some fakes,
insisting they were real.
Don't you think this is karma?
These theories,
you don't have to tell me.
I know them all, alright?
No, Xu.
Still the same saying.
When it comes to judging things at a glance,
I, Xu Jinsong, have never been wrong.
How is this faint?
I think Yue Qixin is just jealous.
I, Xu Jinsong,
have never been wrong.
I heard you sell fakes.
Mine must be fake too.
Give me a refund.
Alright.
I, Xu Jinsong, never sell fakes.
Then how do you prove it's not fake?
What do you mean, prove it?
I'm telling you, I've never sold fakes.
Give me a refund.
Mr. Yue.
The shape is correct.
But the surveillance video is too blurry.
I can't see the pattern.
Mr. Yue,
what should we do?
Mr. Yue.
What is it, Xu Xiao?
I want to take a break from school
and handle this matter properly.
Don't let this matter
delay your progress.
You should still prioritize your studies.
Xu Xiao,
there must be a way.
We have a unified garbage station in Jingdezhen.
If archeology workers
can excavate tens of thousands of porcelain shards from underground,
then I can also find
the fragments of that blue-and-white porcelain bowl.
Xiaocen,
that's not what I meant by persisting.
Do you know how much garbage
a city produces in a single day?
Nonsense.
I will solve it myself.
Xu Xiao,
about this matter,
I suggest you consider it carefully.
Understood?
Xu Xiao.
We are all still trying to find a way.
Making such a decision at this time,
will taking a leave of absence solve it?
I told you I have my own way to solve it.
How could I really let you dig through the trash?
Mom.
About that matter you mentioned before,
I have thought it through.
Today,
I have applied for a leave of absence from school.
Really.
That's great, son.
I'll have your uncle
look for the best tutor right away.
Don't worry. Your grades have always been good.
Anyway,
no matter what major you choose later,
you won't fall behind your peers.
Got it.
The most important thing when choosing a major is to be careful.
Mom will help you choose.
Um, Xu Xiao.
Have you really thought this through?
What are you talking about?
Didn't I tell you to find a tutor?
Right, right, right.
I'll go contact one now.
Son.
I'm really glad that you're willing to listen to mom on this matter.
I really feel happy.
We've talked about cleaning before.
For cleaning, we need rough cleaning,
and use a professional cleaning agent
for precise wiping.
After that,
we will proceed to the next step, rejoining.
For rejoining, please note
that it must be aligned with the notch.
Look at mine.
I heard Xu Xiao is about to change his major.
The school isn't holding him accountable anymore,
so why is he dropping out?
Exactly.
It seems he brought it up himself.
He shouldn't.
Mr. Yue even spoke up for him.
Don't spread fake news.
Right.
When I was walking over from the office just now,
I heard it.
Zhang Jiatian was already making trouble for the school.
Exactly.
Now he has more to complain about.
What's the idiom for that?
Confess without being pressed.
That's not how you use it.
No.
I don't think Xu Xiao will give up so easily.
Okay, class.
The teacher is here.
Everyone, take your seats.
Class is starting.
Use this glue.
You need to apply it like this. Look.
I didn't expect Mr. Yue to put us in the same group.
Let me make this clear first.
Even though I'm good friends with Yuexin,
I support the freedom to love.
So whoever ends up with whom,
No.
I will give my blessing. No...
Also, I'm pretty clumsy,
so don't expect too much from me.
Please
bear with me.
Xiaocen.
Where are you going later?
This is so cute.
Xiaocen.
Isn't that the person who took advantage of us last time?
It is her. It's really her.
She left.
Let's go take advantage of her.
Awesome.
So cute. Look.
For you.
It's so cute.
Thank you, Yuexin.
Xiaocen,
do you know how I noticed Xu Xiao?
Your girls' group failed the military posture.
What's wrong with me punishing her?
Why are you talking back to me?
Wu Jing has already tried her best.
If you keep making her stand like this,
she will get heatstroke.
I don't think I'm wrong.
Fine.
You take the punishment for her.
I'm Lin Yuexin.
Xu Xiao.
When the instructor scolded us just now,
you didn't say a word.
So why are you being punished?
Because in our group,
some boys didn't do their chores well.
Then why
are you the only one punished?
There's also him.
Lap 7.
Eight more laps.
I can't do this anymore.
Why did they choose you as the group leader?
I don't know either.
It seems since the first grade,
I've been the class monitor every year.
Then why did they choose you as the group leader?
Because I'm the tallest in our class.
Probably from that time on,
I became curious about this boy.
His excellence
and a kind of inexplicable persistence
are very attractive, right?
But,
over time,
I felt that this kind of
care
and concern
was more of an admiration.
Actually,
the last time I volunteered to form a team
was because of myself.
Xiaocen,
you don't need to explain anything to me.
Just do what you want to do.
Yuexin, you're so nice.
What,
are you friend-zoning me?
No.
I'm serious.
When I first came to this school,
no one really paid attention to me.
Only you were very warm to me.
Even today, you asked me out
just to comfort me.
I know everything you've done for me.
Xiaocen, you know what?
Actually, I used to transfer schools a lot too
because of my parents' jobs.
Most of the time when I transferred,
everyone was pretty nice to me.
But there was this one time
when I ran into a little situation.
Once,
I was walking down the street.
Suddenly, a boy rushed out,
and told me
he liked me.
Sounds pretty good, right?
But I panicked,
and just ran away immediately.
And then,
a girl who liked him
brought a whole bunch of girls
to my classroom looking for me.
She said she wanted to talk.
Of course, it didn't escalate to bullying.
After that,
during meals at the cafeteria,
they never approached me again.
They would always eat together in a group.
I could only
eat all by myself.
To be honest, those days
were really quite tough.
So at school,
when I saw you alone,
it immediately reminded me of that time.
I really didn't want you
to go through the same unhappy times as I did.
Yuexin.
All right.
Look, I'm perfectly fine now.
You need to pull yourself together.
Xu Xiao needs your help.
Ducktor Sui,
a susancai duck-shaped incense burner
from the Chenghua reign of the Ming Dynasty.
It is 25.3 centimeters tall.
It consists of upper and lower parts.
The upper part is a lid,
and the lower part is for holding spices.
Remember me?
You're that talkative person from last time.
I don't know if that's a good impression
or a bad one.
Why do I always run into you here?
Because you wander around here
every Wednesday and Thursday.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not a creep.
I just work here.
Since you like it here so much,
do you want to learn more about it?
Jingdezhen Imperial Kiln Museum used to be the Imperial Kiln Factory.
The porcelain fired here
was all for the emperor.
So for those defective pieces
or the unselected ones,
to prevent them from falling into the hands of the common people,
they all had to be smashed and buried underground.
That's why at the Jingdezhen Imperial Kiln Museum,
every piece of porcelain you see is incomplete,
all restored from unearthed fragments.
Every time I come to this exhibition hall
and see these broken exhibits,
I feel a bit sad.
Why?
After countless times of starting over,
finally picking one out of ten thousand,
a perfect piece of porcelain is fired.
But if you simultaneously fire two
perfect pieces of porcelain,
you have to smash the other one
to ensure
the uniqueness
and integrity of the tribute to the emperor.
If I were that other perfect piece of porcelain
but was smashed,
I'd probably hold a deep grudge.
But I've also heard
that they are like the exam papers
you did in your student days.
You only have to hand in one final answer sheet,
but before that,
you have to hand in countless trial and error papers.
I think
both brokenness and wholeness
are a kind of beauty.
Babies in the live room.
The Jingdezhen Ceramic University incident
has an update.
This guy named Xu Xiao
has been expelled by
Ceramic University.
This proves that every word I said
is true.
Second,
this school,
they also feel that they can't keep such a student.
He clearly took a voluntary leave of absence.
How was it twisted into being expelled?
In a few days,
I'm going to hold an offline
small cultural relics appreciation meeting.
What I can offer everyone this time
is the best treasure I've collected
in the past two years.
Don't believe him.
We can trade on the spot.
I got blocked.
All my friends
can participate.
I think Xiaoyi and Wang Lin's relationship
is already on the rocks.
Xiaoyi often says in the dorm that
Wang Lin is a chauvinist
and acts on a whim.
He takes her to basketball
courts every day,
internet cafes, and pool halls.
How could a girl like places like that?
I think they are done.
How far along are we?
We just need to let the epoxy resin adhesive
seep in.
I'm sorry.
Have I been talking the whole time?
I made you do all the work.
It's fine.
You're the best.
Xu Xiao.
How are you really doing?
What can I do for you?
To all the darlings in the livestream room,
Xu Xiao's parent
contacted me again.
He took the initiative to contact me.
And what did he say?
He even wanted to settle with me voluntarily.
My terms are very simple.
Three days.
A three-day deadline.
If you can't pay the 300,000,
I'll see you in court.
Xu Xiao.
Here.
This is our smashed blue-and-white porcelain.
You fixed it.
I've been looking for a chance
to give it to you personally.
Xiaocen.
I might have to transfer to another school.
How can you?
You are so talented,
and you love this major so much.
Some things
happen
even if you don't want them to.
Xu Xiao.
It was because of you
that I fell in love with this major.
No.
I know better than anyone
that you have fallen in love with this major.
I remember the first time
you saw Xiao Qing after it was fired.
No matter
if I'm by your side in the future,
I hope
you can keep going firmly.
Here.
Try my premium Fuliang tea.
Thank you, sir.
I know you guys
are having a hard time.
But
it will be fine.
It will be fine.
Drink your tea.
Mr. Fatty.
You ate the food and drank the water.
Don't disturb my sleep.
Hear me?
Thank you.
Mr. Fatty has princess syndrome.
He's always trying to get my attention.
Every now and then, he takes some
shiny things from my desk.